gh-46236: Add missing PyUnicode_GetDefaultEncoding() doc (#130335)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/unicode.rst

   decref'ing the returned objects.

.. c:function:: const char* PyUnicode_GetDefaultEncoding(void)

>    Return the default encoding format of the string.

Reviewer: I think that we should mention that it always returns `utf8`

   decref'ing the returned objects.

.. c:function:: const char* PyUnicode_GetDefaultEncoding(void)

>    Return a ``"utf-8"`` string constant, which corresponds to the
>    :func:`~sys.getdefaultencoding` function in Python.

Reviewer 2: I suggest this wording, plus making lifetime explicit since we're returning a buffer.
(Currently the string is static of course, but if it'd ever become dynamic again, it'd need to be borrowed from the interpreter.)
```suggestion
   Return the name of the default string encoding, ``"utf-8"``.
   See :func:`sys.getdefaultencoding`.

   The returned string does not need to be freed, and is valid
   until interpreter shutdown.
```
